backgroundColor: #feffce
headerColor: #e0c75b

Thinks to keep in mind during your PI

1. Your introduction should start in the same order as Name,
Branch, Batch, Place you live, Matriculation, Higher secondary,
Hobbies, Strengths, Weakness, Aim (also no need to mention
yourgrades/percentages of your 10th/12th)

2. Never use abbreviations like GATE, GRE, ISRO, etc, instead use the
full form.

3. If you are confused with your strengths and weaknesses part
then google the examples of it to take the reference.

4. People with the hobby as sketching/drawing/painting should be
ready at the moment to show their artworks during PI (if asked)

5. If possible try to be in your formals (light color plane shirt)

6. Must go through all the below details about Painting Wing.

7. Lastly, assuming that this will be your first PI, and anything we do
for the first time is always special, so don’t be nervous, be
confident and give your best.

Painting Wing BIT Sindri

1. The aim of the club has been to develop and
promote the arts culture among students on the
campus. We through our distinctive and
immersing activities each year, try to create a
vibrant and colorful atmosphere on the campus.

2. Let Satisfaction Prevail is the tag line of Painting
Wing.

3.The painting wing is one such platform where
creativity is nurtured. Our work defines how
creative we are! It is the only fine-arts club in the
college and is the torchbearer for all things
related to ART. The painting wing is just not only
for the artist, anyone who wants to emerge his
creative skills can be a part of the Painting Wing.

OFFLINE EVENTS

1. Samarpan : The flagship event Samarpan is our annual mega
event which, provides the young gushing talents from our college
and outside, an opportunity to showcase their artistic skills. It is an
alluring 2-day art exhibition during which different art
competitions are also organized such as the face painting
competition, wall painting competition, and many more

2. Creations : It is our annual inter-school event. In this event, all
the nearby schools outside our college including the Government
schools participate, where the students get a platform to
compete with the students of various schools. We also provide
free painting and sketching workshops for students who cannot
afford to take professional classes

3. Akriti : Akriti is an exciting event organized exclusively for girls of
the first year. The event comprises various sections like
● Best Dress
● Card and Craft making
● 1min Act
● Rangoli and a few other events.

4. Graffiti : In near words means drawings that are done on the wall or
on other surface in a public space.
Every year we choose a theme for the event, last year it was 'science
and technology. Painting is done on the wall of MC ground of Bit Sindri.
Students from each year participate in this to paint the walls of the MC
ground and enhance the beauty of BIT Sindri

ONLINE EVENTS

1. Faceoff : It is one of the major online events of the painting
wing. This competition is mainly for our freshers. The aim of this
event is just to make familiarize freshers with their batchmates
from all the departments of BIT in a fun way. The most influential
person gets merited, winning a prize at the end.

2. Shades : Every year we conduct a national event Shades,
which is an online drawing & painting competition, where
participants submit their creations to the Painting Wing. This
competition is a one-month-long event and is open to anyone
from any college or school. This competition basically
comprises of 5 divisions
1. Sketching
2. Painting
3.Digital art
4. Doodling
5. Grafitti


3.INSIGNIA: A logo-designing competition in which contestants
have to redesign and recreate a logo from the pool of
companies provided

WEEKLY SECTION (for social media posts)

Sketcher’s Saturday

The weekly activity, in which every Saturday we give
shout-outs and motivate every artist from/outside BIT for
their efforts & creativity.We ask them to tag us Or directly
send us their artwork on our social media handle for
shoutouts.

MONTHLY SECTION (for social media posts)
AWARENESS WEEKS

This is a monthly activity of painting wing to spread
awareness on untouched and taboo topics in our society,
to make people aware through our posters and content.
eg: Pride month.